Update drawer docs (#6648)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/drawer/index.mdx

---
title: Drawer
data:

>   description: "`Drawer` is a temporary, focused workspace that supports a small, self-contained action, such as choosing an option, confirming a decision, or entering a few fields, without leaving the current screen. It is designed to briefly pause the primary flow, allow the completion of a “quick fix,” and then return directly to the prior context."

Reviewer: Not sure about using the term "workspace"? Maybe "region" is better?

>   description: "`Drawer` is a temporary, focused workspace that supports a small, self-contained action, such as choosing an option, confirming a decision, or entering a few fields, without leaving the current screen. It is designed to briefly pause the primary flow, allow the completion of a “quick fix,” and then return directly to the prior context."

Reviewer: Also not sure about "quick fix", we could maybe focus around completion of tasks

>   description: "`Drawer` is a temporary, focused workspace that supports a small, self-contained action, such as choosing an option, confirming a decision, or entering a few fields, without leaving the current screen. It is designed to briefly pause the primary flow, allow the completion of a “quick fix,” and then return directly to the prior context."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "`Drawer` is a temporary, focused workspace that supports a small, self-contained action, such as choosing an option, confirming a decision, or entering a few fields, without leaving the current screen. It's designed to briefly pause the primary flow, allow the completion of a “quick fix,” and then return directly to the prior context."
```

we should be using contractions

>   description: "`Drawer` is a temporary, focused workspace that supports a small, self-contained action, such as choosing an option, confirming a decision, or entering a few fields, without leaving the current screen. It is designed to briefly pause the primary flow, allow the completion of a “quick fix,” and then return directly to the prior context."

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "`Drawer` is a temporary, focused region that supports a small, self-contained action, such as choosing an option, confirming a decision, or entering a few fields, without leaving the current screen. It is designed to briefly pause the primary flow, allow the completion of tasks, and then return directly to the prior context."
```
